Add progress logging to do_compact loop (#3250)
man-group/ArcticDB: docs/mkdocs/docs/runtime_config.md

Please note that if meta structure V2 is read by < v6.7.0, exception KeyError will be raised

### Compact.LogProgressPercentage

> Controls how often progress is logged during long-running `do_compact` operations (e.g. `finalize_staged_data` with many staged segments). A progress line is emitted each time this percentage of segments has been processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls how frequently progress is logged during `finalize_staged_data` operations. A log line is emitted each time this percentage of segments has been processed.
```
